README.md, before:

# Wyre

**Wyre** is an open-source expense payroll infrastructure. We help businesses to:

🚀 Digitalize your payroll process without worrying about geographic limitations.

🔖 Own your payroll infrastructure and get full control of your employee's compensation data.

💅 Pay employees in any currency of choice including cryptocurrency.

<img width="1440" alt="Dashboard" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80969653/224554162-916aca6c-a55d-4fa4-a481-2ab109ac60ac.png">

## Feature Set

This project is still in early alpha, so we have many features soon to come! This [demo](https://www.figma.com/proto/AfwBeFCb2WTCq8MLmfh37W/Wyre---UPDATED-%E2%9A%A0%EF%B8%8F%F0%9F%9A%A9?page-id=615%3A13922&node-id=615%3A19018&viewport=73%2C-806%2C0.24&scaling=scale-down&starting-point-node-id=615%3A19018&show-proto-sidebar=1) covers a majority of the features we support today. For reference, here's our complete roadmap of current and upcoming features:

- Signup/login/reset password
- Invite employees/contractors
- Setup payroll
- Approve payroll disbursement
- Schedule execution of payroll
- Generate unique payment links
- Request/Manage reimbursements
- Manage & view transactions
- Manage employee/contractor
  - Edit compensation
  - Terminate employment
- Manage active fintech integrations
- Payment routes (enable businesses to use specific routes for paying employees/contractors)
- Connect to pension providers
- Manage employee health insurance
- Tax withholding and remmittance
- Employee salary advance

## Technologies Used

- **Database:** Neon.dev (serverless PostgreSQL)
- **App Stack:** Nextjs
- **API Layer:** tRPC
- **ORM:** prisma
- **Communication:** Twilio & Sendgrid

## Payment Layers

- **Open Banking:** `[mono, stitch.money, anchor, onepipe.com]`
- **Fiat Rails:** `[paystack, ExpressPayGH, flutterwave]`
- **Crypto Rails:** `[fluidcoins, lazerpay, coinprofile]`
- **Mobile Money:** `[MTN Momo API, MPesa]`

## Configurations

**Commitizen:**
This tool is used to improve commit management. Install commitizen globally `yarn global add commitizen`
To make a commit, just type `cz` in your terminal and it produces a prompt.

## Dependencies

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/)
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Redis](https://redis.io/)
- [Zod](https://zod.dev/)
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io/)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
- [Lerna](https://lerna.js.org/)
- [Yarn Workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/)

## Licences

MIT @ Tecmie Corporation

Commit message:

feat(root): :memo: Added a table containing repo directories

README.md, after:

# Wyre

**Wyre** is an open-source expense payroll infrastructure. We help businesses to:

🚀 Digitalize your payroll process without worrying about geographic limitations.

🔖 Own your payroll infrastructure and get full control of your employee's compensation data.

💅 Pay employees in any currency of choice including cryptocurrency.

<img width="1440" alt="Dashboard" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/80969653/224554162-916aca6c-a55d-4fa4-a481-2ab109ac60ac.png">

## Feature Set

This project is still in early alpha, so we have many features soon to come! This [demo](https://www.figma.com/proto/AfwBeFCb2WTCq8MLmfh37W/Wyre---UPDATED-%E2%9A%A0%EF%B8%8F%F0%9F%9A%A9?page-id=615%3A13922&node-id=615%3A19018&viewport=73%2C-806%2C0.24&scaling=scale-down&starting-point-node-id=615%3A19018&show-proto-sidebar=1) covers a majority of the features we support today. For reference, here's our complete roadmap of current and upcoming features:

- Signup/login/reset password
- Invite employees/contractors
- Setup payroll
- Approve payroll disbursement
- Schedule execution of payroll
- Generate unique payment links
- Request/Manage reimbursements
- Manage & view transactions
- Manage employee/contractor
  - Edit compensation
  - Terminate employment
- Manage active fintech integrations
- Payment routes (enable businesses to use specific routes for paying employees/contractors)
- Connect to pension providers
- Manage employee health insurance
- Tax withholding and remmittance
- Employee salary advance

## Repo Directory

| Directory                            | Description                                                                                                      |
| -----------------------------        | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`admin`](/apps/web)                 | Contains the administrative section for managing company payroll                                                 |
| [`employee`](/apps/employee)         | User application for employees to access their payroll dashboard                                                 |
| [`api`](/packages/api)               | Package for handling all apis for the appls                                                                      |
| [`shared ui`](/packages/components)  | Shared UI components for applications                                                                            |
| [`config`](/packages/config)         | Base dev dependencies and presets for repo                                                                       |
| [`db`](/packages/db)                 | Database schema configured with prisma                                                                           |
| [`dialog`](/packages/dialog)         | Repo package for managing all external communications eg: emails, sms                                            |
| [`env`](/packages/env)               | Environment variables configuration and validation                                                               |
| [`tsconfig`](/packages/tsconfig)     | Tsconfig configuration and extensions                                                                            |

## Technologies Used

- **Database:** Neon.dev (serverless PostgreSQL)
- **App Stack:** Nextjs
- **API Layer:** tRPC
- **ORM:** prisma
- **Communication:** Twilio & Sendgrid

## Payment Layers

- **Open Banking:** `[mono, stitch.money, anchor, onepipe.com]`
- **Fiat Rails:** `[paystack, ExpressPayGH, flutterwave]`
- **Crypto Rails:** `[fluidcoins, lazerpay, coinprofile]`
- **Mobile Money:** `[MTN Momo API, MPesa]`

## Configurations

**Commitizen:**
This tool is used to improve commit management. Install commitizen globally `yarn global add commitizen`
To make a commit, just type `cz` in your terminal and it produces a prompt.

## Dependencies

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
- [Nextjs](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Prisma](https://www.prisma.io/)
- [Chakra UI](https://chakra-ui.com/)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/)
- [Redis](https://redis.io/)
- [Zod](https://zod.dev/)
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
- [tRPC](https://trpc.io/)
- [React Hook Form](https://react-hook-form.com/)
- [React Query](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
- [Lerna](https://lerna.js.org/)
- [Yarn Workspaces](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/workspaces/)

## Licences

MIT @ Tecmie Corporation
